# Глава 27. «Web War One»

Keith Mularski stood at the podium, his PowerPoint presentation filling an LCD big-screen at his back. In front of him were fifteen senior FBI officials and Justice Department lawyers, sitting around the conference room table at Justice headquarters. They were riveted. Mularski was proposing something that had never been done before.

Group I “sensitive circumstances” authorizations were a rare thing in the bureau. Mularski first wrote out a twenty- page proposal, addressing every aspect of the plan and gathering legal opinions from FBI lawyers for each. The FBI’s general counsel was excited about the possibilities; if it were approved, the operation could set a precedent for future online undercover work.

The biggest obstacle for the Justice Department’s Undercover Review Committee was the third-party liability issue of letting crimes unfold over a website owned and operated by the U.S. government. How would Mularski mitigate the damage so innocent people and institutions wouldn’t suffer? Mularski had an answer at the ready. The criminal activity on DarkMarket was going to take place whether the FBI ran the forum or not. But with the bureau controlling the server, and Master Splyntr leading the site, the FBI could potentially intercept large amounts of stolen data that would otherwise flow freely through the black market. His proposal stipulated that any financial data would be sent immediatelyto the affected banks. Stolen credit cards could be canceled before they were used.

The meeting lasted twenty minutes. When he returned to Pittsburgh on October 7, Mularski had written approval to acquire DarkMarket. Iceman was still listed as a subject of the undercover operation, but now JiLsi and DarkMarket’s other leaders were the primary targets.

Once his wife went to bed, Mularski settled in front of his couch, turned on Saturday Night Live, and looked for JiLsi on ICQ. After some pleasantries, he got down to business. DarkMarket was under yet another DDoS attack, and Mularski, as Master Splyntr, was ready to take the site onto a secure server—JiLsi need only say the word, and his problems with Iceman would be history.

JiLsi had some reservations. DarkMarket was his baby, and he didn’t want to be perceived by the community as ceding control. That wouldn’t be a problem, Mularski explained. Master Splyntr would be a stealth administrator. Nobody but he and JiLsi would know he was running the site. To everyone else, he’d still just be a moderator.

“Bro,” JiLsi typed back. “Get your server ready. We moving.”

Mularski went to work at once. He rented a server from a Texas-based hosting company called the Planet and went to the underground to shore it up, buying $500-a-month DDoS protection services from a Russian named Quazatron and paying for it in e-gold. Quazatron configured the site so its public face was at Staminus, a DDoS- resistant high-bandwidth hosting company. The company’s pipes could withstand a deluge, and Quazatron’s software would channel only the legitimate traffic to DarkMarket’s real server behind the scenes.

Everything would be done the way an Eastern European cybercrook would do it. When Mularski wanted to log in to the site’s back end, he’d go through KIRE, a Virginia company offering Linux “shell accounts”—a service that lets IRC users connect to chat rooms without being traced to their home IP addresses. Nobody would see that the Polish spam king was logging in from Pittsburgh.

Once the move was complete, Mularski went to court and won a sealed search warrant against his own server, allowing him to riffle through DarkMarket’s user database, access logs, and private messages.

There was one more thing to do. Post-Shadowcrew, it was de rigueur for carder forums to make users click on a terms-of-service agreement prohibiting illegal content and stipulating that the site’s operators weren’t responsible for anything on the board. Forum runners believed the legalistic language might shield them from prosecution. DarkMarket had a particularly long and detailed user agreement, so nobody noticed when Master Splyntr added a line.

“By your use of this forum you agree that the administrators may review any communication sent using this forum to ensure compliance with this policy,” he wrote, “or for any other purpose.”

“I think it’s important to note that Iceman is a foolish wannabe hacker who goes around and hacks sites for fun and pleasure.”

El Mariachi knew how to push Iceman’s buttons. After the hostile takeover, Dave Thomas returned to the Life on the Road blog to browbeat his foe relentlessly, calling him “Iceboy,” “Officer Ice,” and “a fucking piece of shit on my shoes.” He challenged Iceman to meet him in person, so they could resolve their dispute like men. And he implied he could hire a hit man to track down the carding kingpin and end his life.

Max responded with growing fury. He hadn’t forgotten the hassle and expense of finding a new host after Thomas shut him down in Florida. The aggressiveness he’d kept buried since Boise boiled from his gut and into his fingertips. “You small dick limp sack of shit. I could fucking tear you apart with my bare hands but a COWARD snitch like yourself would call the cops and scramble for a weapon at the first sight of me,” he wrote. “You better pray to your god that I am never outed, because not only will you look like even more of a jackass than you already do, but then I will have no inhibition about coming over and wringing your snitch punk neck.”

When he calmed down, he sent Thomas a private e-mail. He’d been thinking about taking down Carders Market and retiring his Iceman identity. It wouldn’t be a surrender; rather, it was the most serious threat imaginable to Thomas’s campaign.

> You haven’t read the Art of War, have you, cunt? You know NOTHING about me. I know EVERYTHING about you.
>
> I kill CM, I kill Iceman, then what do you have you punk bitch? Shadowboxing?? You are FUCKED. An enemy who will fuck you over constantly for years, that you have NO DEFENSE and NO TARGET for retribution.
>
> I am your worst nightmare you little bitch, and you and your family will be feeling the effects of the money you cost me for a long, long time.

Two days later, Max proved he was serious. He hacked into El Mariachi’s website, the Grifters, which Thomas had turned into a semi-legitimate security site dedicated to watching the carding forums. Max wiped the hard drive. The site never came back.

Iceman announced his triumph in a final public message to the blog. “I have nothing to prove, and now having beat down David Renshaw Thomas, federal snitch, I make my exit,” he wrote. “Unlike you people, I pay attention to my own business. Learn a lesson. Move on and leave me the fuck alone.”

But Max wasn’t going to be able to slip back into the shadows. Two reporters from USA Today had taken notice of the public carder war and confirmed the details of the hostile takeover with security firms watching the forums. The morning after Max declared victory over El Mariachi, delivery drivers around the country plunked down Thursday’s edition of the paper on more than two million doorsteps from coast to coast. There, on the front page of the business section, was the whole sordid tale of Iceman’s annexation of the carding sites.

By letting his ego lead him into a public battle with David Thomas, Max had gotten Iceman into the largest-circulation daily in America.

“The Secret Service and FBI declined to comment on Iceman or the takeovers,” the article read. “Even so, the activities of this mystery figure illustrate the rising threat that cybercrime’s relentless expansion—enabled in large part by the existence of forums—poses for us all.”

The story wasn’t a surprise; the reporters had approached Iceman for comment, and Max had e-mailed a long one, lobbing his Craigslist defense. His views didn’t make it into the article, and the story only made Max more defiant. He added a quote from the piece to the top of the Carders Market login page: “It’s like he created the Wal- Mart of the underground.”

Max showed the article to Charity. “I seem to have created quite a stir.”

Chris was apoplectic when he learned that Max had corresponded with the journalists. He’d watched as Max burned hours squabbling with Thomas. Now his partner was giving press interviews?

“You’ve lost your fucking mind,” he said.

Max was swamped. Vouch requests were pouring into Carders Market in a torrent. The USA Today article seemed to bring out every street-level hood hoping to break into computer fraud. The site picked up over three hundred new members overnight. Two weeks later, they were still coming in.

He offloaded as much of the work as he could to his admins. Max had other things to worry about now. His spear-phishing attack against the financial institutions had been wildly successful, but getting past the banks’ firewalls had turned out to be the easy part. Bank of America and Capital One, in particular, were huge institutions, and Max was lost in their vast networks. He could easily spend years on either one, just looking for the data and the access he needed to make a big score. Max was having trouble staying motivated for the mind-numbing follow-through to his intrusions; cracking the networks had been the fun part, and now that was over.

Instead, Max put the banks on the back burner to focus on the carding war. Max’s new hosting provider was getting complaints about the rampant criminality on Carders Market. Max saw one of the e-mails, sent from an anonymous webmail account. On a hunch, Max tried logging in to the account with JiLsi’s password. It worked. JiLsi was trying to get him shut down.

Max retaliated by hacking into JiLsi’s account on the Russian forum Mazafaka and posting an avalanche of messages reading, simply, “I’m a fed.” Then he went public with the evidence of JiLsi’s malfeasance; snitching to Carders Market’s hosting company was a scummy tactic.

DarkMarket just didn’t have the decency to die. Max could have dropped the database again, but it would do no good—the site had come back before. His DDoS attacks had become ineffective, too. Overnight, DarkMarket had come into expensive high-bandwidth hosting and erected dedicated e-mail and database servers. It was suddenly a hard target.

Then Max heard an intriguing rumor about DarkMarket.

The story involved Silo, a Canadian hacker known for an uncanny ability to juggle dozens of false handles in the community, effortlessly switching writing styles and personalities for each one. Silo’s second claim to fame was his compulsive back-dooring of other carders. He was
was his compulsive back-dooring of other carders. He was constantly posting software with hidden code that would let him spy on his peers.

Both traits were at play when Silo registered an account at DarkMarket under a new handle and submitted a piece of hacking software for vendor review. True to form, Silo had secreted a hidden function in the software that would smuggle a user’s files out to one of Silo’s servers.

When Silo looked at the results, he found a small cache of blank Microsoft Word templates, including a “malware report” form. The templatescarried the logo for an organization called the National Cyber Forensics and Training Alliance in Pittsburgh. Max looked them up; it was a fed shop. Someone connected with DarkMarket was working for the government.

Determined to investigate, Max breached DarkMarket again through his back door. This time, it was a reconnaissance mission. He dropped into a root shell and entered a command to bring up the recent login history and then started down the list in another window, checking the public registration records for each of the Internet IP addresses used by the administrators. When he got to Master Splyntr, he stopped. The supposedly Polish spammer had connected from an IP address belonging to a private corporation in the United States called Pembrooke Associates.

He pulled up the Whois.net registration records for the company’s website, Pembetal.com. The mailing address listed was a PO box in Warrendale, Pennsylvania, twenty miles north of Pittsburgh. There was also a phone number.

Another click of his mouse, another browser window— the reverse white pages at Anywho.com. He entered the phone number and this time got a real street address: 2000 Technology Drive, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

It was the address he’d already found for the National Cyber Forensics and Training Alliance. Master Splyntr was a fed.
